Fix an issue where services were included in the graph and updated in a child flow controller (#6486)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix bug in `pyroscope.ebpf` component when elf's PT_LOAD section is not page aligned . [PR](https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/pull/2983)  (@korniltsev)

> - Fix an issue where services were included in the graph and updated in a child flow controller. (@erikbaranowski)

Reviewer: Can we rephrase this so it only talks about concepts users are familiar with, instead of implementation details? Something like: 

```suggestion
- Fix an issue where the configuration of the `http` and `remotecfg` blocks get ignored after loading a module. (@erikbaranowski)
```
